Add Discord integration docs (#311)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/application/integrations/discord.html.md

---
title: Discord
description: "Learn more about how to set up the AppSignal Discord integration."
---

> Discord is the easiest way to communicate over voice, video, and text, whether you’re part of a school club, a nightly gaming group, a worldwide art community, or just a handful of friends that want to hang out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord describes themselves as the easiest way to communicate over voice, video, and text, whether you’re part of a school club, a nightly gaming group, a worldwide art community, or just a handful of friends that want to hang out.
```
